---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pfsense_dhcp_server Resource - terraform-provider-pfsense"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  IPv4 DHCP Server Configuration
---

# pfsense_dhcp_server (Resource)

IPv4 DHCP Server Configuration



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `interface` (String) Interface of DHCP server configuration to update. You may specify either the interface's descriptive name, the pfSense ID (wan, lan, optx), or the real interface ID (e.g. igb0). This interface must host a static IPv4 subnet that has more than one available within the subnet.

### Optional

- `default_lease_time` (Number) Default DHCP lease time. This must be a value of `60` or greater and must be less than `maxleasetime`. This field can be unset to the system default by passing in an empty string.
- `deny_unknown` (Boolean) Deny unknown MAC addresses. If true, you must specify  MAC addresses in the `mac_allow` field or add a static DHCP entry to receive DHCP requests.
- `dns_server` (List of String) DNS servers to hand out in DHCP leases.
- `domain` (String) Domain name to include in DHCP leases. This must be a valid domain name or an empty string to assume the system default.
- `domain_search_list` (List of String) Search domains to include in DHCP leases. Each entry must be a valid domain name.
- `enable` (Boolean) Enable the DHCP server for this interface.
- `gateway` (String) Gateway to hand out in DHCP leases. This value must be a valid IPv4 address within the interface's subnet. This field can be unset to the system default by passing in an empty string.
- `ignore_bootp` (Boolean) Ignore BOOTP requests.
- `mac_allow_list` (List of String) MAC addresses allowed to register DHCP leases.
- `mac_deny_list` (List of String) MAC addresses denied from registering DHCP leases.
- `max_lease_time` (String) Maximum DHCP lease time. This must be a value of `60` or greater and must be greater than `defaultleasetime`. This field can be unset to the system default by passing in an empty string.
- `range_from` (String) DHCP pool's starting IPv4 address. This must be an available address within the interface's subnet and be less than the `range_to` value. This field is required if no `range_from` value has been set previously.
- `range_to` (String) DHCP pool's ending IPv4 address. This must be an available address within the interface's subnet and be greater than the `range_from` value. This field is required if no `range_to` has been set previously.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
