---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pfsense_firewall_rule Resource - terraform-provider-pfsense"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Firewall Rule
---

# pfsense_firewall_rule (Resource)

Firewall Rule



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `interface` (List of String) Interface this rule will apply to. You may specify either the interface's descriptive name, the pfSense  interface ID (e.g. wan, lan, optx), or the real interface ID (e.g. igb0). If `floating` is enabled, multiple interfaces may be specified.
- `type` (String) Firewall rule type.

### Optional

- `ack_queue` (String) Acknowledge traffic shaper queue to apply to this rule. This must be an existing traffic shaper queue and cannot match the `defaultqueue` value.
- `default_queue` (String) Default traffic shaper queue to apply to this rule. This must be an existing traffic shaper queue name. This field is required when an `ackqueue` value is provided.
- `description` (String) Description for the rule.
- `destination` (String) Destination address of the firewall rule. This may be a single IP, network CIDR, alias name, or interface. When specifying an interface, you may use the real interface ID (e.g. igb0), the descriptive interface name, or the pfSense ID (e.g. wan, lan, optx). To use only the  interface's assigned address, add `ip` to the end of the interface name otherwise  the entire interface's subnet is implied. To negate the context of the destination address, you may prefix the value with `!`.
- `destination_port` (String) TCP and/or UDP destination port, port range or port alias to apply to this rule. You may specify `any` to match any destination port. This parameter is required when `protocol` is set to `tcp`, `udp`, or `tcp/udp`.
- `direction` (String) Direction of floating firewall rule. This parameter is only avilable when `floating` is set to `true`.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Disable the rule.
- `dn_pipe` (String) Traffic shaper limiter (in) queue for this rule. This must be an existing traffic shaper limiter or queue. This field is required if a `pdnpipe` value is provided.
- `floating` (Boolean) Set this rule as a floating firewall rule.
- `gateway` (String) Name of an existing gateway traffic will route over upon match. Do not specify this parameter to assume the default gateway. The gateway specified must be of the same IP type set in `ipprotocol`.
- `icmp_type` (List of String) ICMP subtypes of the firewall rule. This parameter is only available when `protocol` is set to `icmp`. If this parameter is not specified, all ICMP subtypes will be assumed.
- `ip_protocol` (String) IP protocol(s) this rule will apply to.
- `log` (Boolean) Enable logging of traffic matching this rule.
- `pdn_pipe` (String) Traffic shaper limiter (out) queue for this rule. This must be an existing traffic shaper limiter or queue. This value cannot match the `dnpipe` value and must be a child queue if `dnpipe` is a child queue, or a parent limiter if `dnpipe` is a parent limiter.
- `protocol` (String) Transfer protocol this rule will apply to.
- `quick` (Boolean) Apply action immediately upon match. This field is only available for `floating` rules.
- `schedule` (String) Firewall schedule to apply to this rule. This must be an existing firewall schedule name.
- `source` (String) Source address of the firewall rule. This may be a single IP, network CIDR, alias name, or interface. When specifying an interface, you may use the real interface ID (e.g. igb0), the descriptive interface name, or the pfSense ID (e.g. wan, lan, optx). To use only the  interface's assigned address, add `ip` to the end of the interface name otherwise  the entire interface's subnet is implied. To negate the context of the source address, you may prefix the value with `!`.
- `source_port` (String) TCP and/or UDP source port, port range or port alias  to apply to this rule. You may specify `any` to match any source port. This parameter is required when `protocol` is set to `tcp`, `udp`, or `tcp/udp`.
- `state_type` (String) State type to use when this rule is matched.
- `tcp_flag` (Block List) Use this to choose TCP flags that must be set or cleared for this rule to match. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tcp_flag))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--tcp_flag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tcp_flag`

Required:

- `flag` (String)
- `present` (Boolean)
